furthermore King David said to all the
furthermore King David said to all the assembly my son Solomon whom alone God
assembly my son Solomon whom alone God
assembly my son Solomon whom alone God has chosen is young and inexperienced
has chosen is young and inexperienced
has chosen is young and inexperienced and the work is great because the temple
and the work is great because the temple
and the work is great because the temple is not for man but for the Lord God now
is not for man but for the Lord God now
is not for man but for the Lord God now for the house of my god
for the house of my god
for the house of my god I have prepared with all my might gold
I have prepared with all my might gold
I have prepared with all my might gold for things to be made of gold silver for
for things to be made of gold silver for
for things to be made of gold silver for things of silver bronze for things of
things of silver bronze for things of
things of silver bronze for things of bronze iron for things of iron wood for
bronze iron for things of iron wood for
bronze iron for things of iron wood for things of wood onyx stones stones to be
things of wood onyx stones stones to be
things of wood onyx stones stones to be set glistening stones of various colors
set glistening stones of various colors
set glistening stones of various colors all kinds of precious stones and marble
all kinds of precious stones and marble
all kinds of precious stones and marble slabs in abundance moreover because I
slabs in abundance moreover because I
slabs in abundance moreover because I have set my affection on the house of my
have set my affection on the house of my
have set my affection on the house of my god
god
god I have given to the house of my god over
I have given to the house of my god over
I have given to the house of my god over and above all that I have prepared for
and above all that I have prepared for
and above all that I have prepared for the holy house my own special treasure
the holy house my own special treasure
the holy house my own special treasure of gold and silver
of gold and silver
of gold and silver three thousand talents of gold of the
three thousand talents of gold of the
three thousand talents of gold of the gold of Ophir and seven thousand talents
gold of Ophir and seven thousand talents
gold of Ophir and seven thousand talents of refined silver to overlay the walls
of refined silver to overlay the walls
of refined silver to overlay the walls of the houses the gold for things of
of the houses the gold for things of
of the houses the gold for things of gold and the silver for things of silver
gold and the silver for things of silver
gold and the silver for things of silver and for all kinds of work to be done by
and for all kinds of work to be done by
and for all kinds of work to be done by the hands of craftsmen who then is
the hands of craftsmen who then is
the hands of craftsmen who then is willing to consecrate himself this day
willing to consecrate himself this day
willing to consecrate himself this day to the Lord then the leaders of the
to the Lord then the leaders of the
to the Lord then the leaders of the father's houses
father's houses
father's houses leaders of the tribes of Israel the
leaders of the tribes of Israel the
leaders of the tribes of Israel the captains of thousands and of hundreds
captains of thousands and of hundreds
captains of thousands and of hundreds with the officers over the Kings work
with the officers over the Kings work
with the officers over the Kings work offered willingly
offered willingly
offered willingly they gave for the work of the house of
they gave for the work of the house of
they gave for the work of the house of God five thousand talents and ten
God five thousand talents and ten
God five thousand talents and ten thousand Derrick's of gold ten thousand
thousand Derrick's of gold ten thousand
thousand Derrick's of gold ten thousand talents of silver eighteen thousand
talents of silver eighteen thousand
talents of silver eighteen thousand talents of bronze and one hundred
talents of bronze and one hundred
talents of bronze and one hundred thousand talents of iron and whoever had
thousand talents of iron and whoever had
thousand talents of iron and whoever had precious stones gave them to the
precious stones gave them to the
precious stones gave them to the Treasury of the house of the Lord into
Treasury of the house of the Lord into
Treasury of the house of the Lord into the hands of Jehiel
the hands of Jehiel
the hands of Jehiel the gursha night then the people
the gursha night then the people
the gursha night then the people rejoiced for they had offered willingly
rejoiced for they had offered willingly
rejoiced for they had offered willingly because with a loyal heart they had
because with a loyal heart they had
because with a loyal heart they had offered willingly to the Lord and King
offered willingly to the Lord and King
offered willingly to the Lord and King David also rejoiced greatly therefore
David also rejoiced greatly therefore
David also rejoiced greatly therefore David blessed the Lord before all the
David blessed the Lord before all the
David blessed the Lord before all the assembly blessed are You Lord God of
assembly blessed are You Lord God of
assembly blessed are You Lord God of Israel
Israel
Israel our Father for ever and ever
our Father for ever and ever
our Father for ever and ever yours no Lord is the greatness the power
yours no Lord is the greatness the power
yours no Lord is the greatness the power and the glory the victory and the
and the glory the victory and the
and the glory the victory and the majesty
majesty
majesty for all that is in heaven and in earth
for all that is in heaven and in earth
for all that is in heaven and in earth is yours yours is the kingdom Oh Lord
is yours yours is the kingdom Oh Lord
is yours yours is the kingdom Oh Lord and you are exalted as head over all
and you are exalted as head over all
and you are exalted as head over all both riches and honor come from you and
both riches and honor come from you and
both riches and honor come from you and you reign over all in your hand is power
you reign over all in your hand is power
you reign over all in your hand is power and might in your hand it is to make
and might in your hand it is to make
and might in your hand it is to make great and to give strength to all now
great and to give strength to all now
great and to give strength to all now therefore our God we thank you and
therefore our God we thank you and
therefore our God we thank you and praise your glorious name
praise your glorious name
praise your glorious name but who am i and who are my people that
but who am i and who are my people that
but who am i and who are my people that we should be able to offer so willingly
we should be able to offer so willingly
we should be able to offer so willingly as this for all things come from you and
as this for all things come from you and
as this for all things come from you and of your own we have given you four we
of your own we have given you four we
of your own we have given you four we are aliens and pilgrims before you as
are aliens and pilgrims before you as
are aliens and pilgrims before you as we're all our fathers our days on earth
we're all our fathers our days on earth
we're all our fathers our days on earth are as a shadow and without hope Oh Lord
are as a shadow and without hope Oh Lord
are as a shadow and without hope Oh Lord our God all this abundance that we have
our God all this abundance that we have
our God all this abundance that we have prepared to build you a house for your
prepared to build you a house for your
prepared to build you a house for your Holy Name is from your hand and is all
Holy Name is from your hand and is all
Holy Name is from your hand and is all your own I know also my god that you
your own I know also my god that you
your own I know also my god that you test the heart and have pleasure in
test the heart and have pleasure in
test the heart and have pleasure in uprightness as for me in the a
uprightness as for me in the a
uprightness as for me in the a brightness of my heart I have willingly
brightness of my heart I have willingly
brightness of my heart I have willingly offered all these things and now with
offered all these things and now with
offered all these things and now with joy I have seen your people who are
joy I have seen your people who are
joy I have seen your people who are present here to offer willingly to you O
present here to offer willingly to you O
present here to offer willingly to you O Lord God of Abraham Isaac and Israel our
Lord God of Abraham Isaac and Israel our
Lord God of Abraham Isaac and Israel our fathers keep this forever in the intent
fathers keep this forever in the intent
fathers keep this forever in the intent of the thoughts of the heart of your
of the thoughts of the heart of your
of the thoughts of the heart of your people and fix their heart toward you
people and fix their heart toward you
people and fix their heart toward you and give my son Solomon a loyal heart to
and give my son Solomon a loyal heart to
and give my son Solomon a loyal heart to keep your Commandments and your
keep your Commandments and your
keep your Commandments and your testimonies and your statutes to do all
testimonies and your statutes to do all
testimonies and your statutes to do all these things and to build the temple for
these things and to build the temple for
these things and to build the temple for which I have made provision then David
which I have made provision then David
which I have made provision then David said to all the assembly now bless the
said to all the assembly now bless the
said to all the assembly now bless the Lord your God so holy assembly blessed
Lord your God so holy assembly blessed
Lord your God so holy assembly blessed the Lord God of their fathers and bow
the Lord God of their fathers and bow
the Lord God of their fathers and bow their heads and prostrating themselves
their heads and prostrating themselves
their heads and prostrating themselves before the Lord and the King and they
before the Lord and the King and they
before the Lord and the King and they made sacrifices to the Lord and offered
made sacrifices to the Lord and offered
made sacrifices to the Lord and offered burnt offerings to the Lord on the next
burnt offerings to the Lord on the next
burnt offerings to the Lord on the next day a thousand Bulls a thousand grams a
day a thousand Bulls a thousand grams a
day a thousand Bulls a thousand grams a thousand lambs with their drink
thousand lambs with their drink
thousand lambs with their drink offerings and sacrifices in abundance
offerings and sacrifices in abundance
offerings and sacrifices in abundance for all Israel so they ate and drank
for all Israel so they ate and drank
for all Israel so they ate and drank before the Lord with great gladness on
before the Lord with great gladness on
before the Lord with great gladness on that day and they made Solomon the son
that day and they made Solomon the son
that day and they made Solomon the son of David King the second time and
of David King the second time and
of David King the second time and anointed him before the Lord to be the
anointed him before the Lord to be the
anointed him before the Lord to be the leader and Zadok to be priests then
leader and Zadok to be priests then
leader and Zadok to be priests then Solomon sat on the throne of the Lord as
Solomon sat on the throne of the Lord as
Solomon sat on the throne of the Lord as king instead of David his father and
king instead of David his father and
king instead of David his father and prospered
prospered
prospered and all Israel obeyed him all the
and all Israel obeyed him all the
and all Israel obeyed him all the leaders and the mighty man and also all
leaders and the mighty man and also all
leaders and the mighty man and also all the sons of King David submitted
the sons of King David submitted
the sons of King David submitted themselves to King Solomon so the Lord
themselves to King Solomon so the Lord
themselves to King Solomon so the Lord exalted Solomon exceedingly in the sight
exalted Solomon exceedingly in the sight
exalted Solomon exceedingly in the sight of all Israel and bestowed on him such
of all Israel and bestowed on him such
of all Israel and bestowed on him such royal majesty has had not been on any
royal majesty has had not been on any
royal majesty has had not been on any King before him in israel thus david the
King before him in israel thus david the
King before him in israel thus david the son of jesse reigned over all israel and
son of jesse reigned over all israel and
son of jesse reigned over all israel and the period that he reigned over israel
the period that he reigned over israel
the period that he reigned over israel was forty years seven years he reigned
was forty years seven years he reigned
was forty years seven years he reigned in hebron and 33 years he reigned in
in hebron and 33 years he reigned in
in hebron and 33 years he reigned in jerusalem so he died in a good old age
jerusalem so he died in a good old age
jerusalem so he died in a good old age full of days and riches and honor and
full of days and riches and honor and
full of days and riches and honor and Solomon his son reigned in his place
Solomon his son reigned in his place
Solomon his son reigned in his place now the acts of King David first and
now the acts of King David first and
now the acts of King David first and last indeed they are written in the book
last indeed they are written in the book
last indeed they are written in the book of Samuel the seer in the book of nathan
of Samuel the seer in the book of nathan
of Samuel the seer in the book of nathan the prophet and in the book of gad the
the prophet and in the book of gad the
the prophet and in the book of gad the seer with all his reign and his might
seer with all his reign and his might
seer with all his reign and his might and the events that happened to him to
and the events that happened to him to
and the events that happened to him to Israel and to all the kingdoms of the
Israel and to all the kingdoms of the
Israel and to all the kingdoms of the lands